---
title: 阅读词汇 01/11
categories: [English,Words,Reading]
date: 2018-01-11 09:50:18
tags: [English,Words,Reading]
---
这是阅读需要背的词汇
<!--more-->
# discourse
“including attempts to manipulate civic discourse and deceive people”.



discourse




discourses, 
discoursing, 
discoursed


(The noun is pronounced[dɪskɔ:(r)s]. The verb is pronounced[dɪskɔ:(r)s].)


1
[N-UNCOUNT: usu with supp]

Discourse is spoken or written communication between people, especially serious discussion of a particular subject.


- 
//...a tradition of political discourse.



2
[N-UNCOUNT: oft N n]
In linguistics, 
discourse is natural spoken or written language in context, especially when complete texts are being considered.
[TECHNICAL]


- 
The Centre has a strong record of research in discourse analysis.

- 
//...our work on discourse and the way people talk to each other.



3
[N-COUNT]
A 
discourse is a serious talk or piece of writing which is intended to teach or explain something.
[FORMAL]


- 
Gates responds with a lengthy discourse on deployment strategy.



4
[VERB]
If someone 
discourses on something, they talk for a long time about it in a confident way.
[FORMAL]


- 
[V prep]
He discoursed for several hours on French and English prose. 
[Also V]...

# evade
evade
[ɪveɪd]




evades, 
evading, 
evaded


1
[VERB]
If you 
evade something, you find a way of not doing something that you really ought to do.


- 
[V n]
By his own admission, he evaded taxes as a Florida real-estate speculator...

- 
[V n]
Delegates accused them of trying to evade responsibility for the failures of the past five years.



2
[VERB]
If you 
evade a question or a topic, you avoid talking about it or dealing with it.


- 
[V n]
Mr Portillo denied he was evading the question...

- 
[V n]
Too many companies, she says, are evading the issue.



3
[VERB]
If you 
evade someone or something, you move so that you can avoid meeting them or avoid being touched or hit.


- 
[V n]
Under the pretence of lighting a candle, she evades him and disappears...

- 
[V n]
She turned and gazed at the river, evading his eyes...

- 
[V n]
He managed to evade capture because of the breakdown of a police computer.



4
[VERB]
If something such as success, glory, or love 
evades you, you do not manage to have it.
[LITERARY]


- 
[V n]
Happiness, which had been so elusive in Henry's life, still evaded him...

- 
[V n]
When she sat down at her desk she found that the words evaded her....

# flaunt
flaunt
[flɔ:nt]




flaunts, 
flaunting, 
flaunted


1
[VERB (disapproval)]
If you say that someone 
flaunts their possessions, abilities, or qualities, you mean that they display them in a very obvious way in, especially in order to try to obtain other people's admiration.


- 
[V n]
They drove around in Rolls-Royces, openly flaunting their wealth...

- 
[V n]
One secret he learned very early on was not to flaunt his success.



Syn:
show off


2
[VERB (disapproval)]
If you say that someone 
is flaunting 
themselves, you disapprove of them because they are behaving in a very confident way, or in a way that is intended to attract sexual attention.


- 
[V pron-refl]
`She's asking for trouble, flaunting herself like that. Did you see the way Major Winston was looking at her?'

- 
[V pron-refl]
//...beach-boys flaunting themselves in designer swimwear....

# floodwater
n. 洪水

# hoax
hoax
[hoʊks]




hoaxes


[N-COUNT: usu with supp, oft N n]
A 
hoax is a trick in which someone tells people a lie, for example that there is a bomb somewhere when there is not, or that a picture is genuine when it is not.


- 
A series of bomb hoaxes has disrupted Christmas shopping in the city centre...

- 
He denied making the hoax call but was convicted after a short trial....

# mobilise
- vt. 动员；调动；使流通
- vi. 动员起来（等于mobilize）

# qualms
qualms



See:
qualm

# referendum
referendum
[refərendəm]
★★★




referendums, 
referenda  [refərendə] (plural)


[N-COUNT: oft N on n]
If a country holds a 
referendum 
on a particular policy, they ask the people to vote on the policy and show whether or not they agree with it.


- 
Estonia said today it too plans to hold a referendum on independence....

# schema
schema
[ski:mə]




schemas, 
schemata  [ski:mətə] (plural)


[N-COUNT]
A 
schema is an outline of a plan or theory.
[FORMAL]


- 
//...a definite position in the schema of the economic process.



Syn:
outline...

# stain
stain
[steɪn]




stains, 
staining, 
stained


1
[N-COUNT: oft supp N]
A 
stain is a mark on something that is difficult to remove.


- 
Remove stains by soaking in a mild solution of bleach.

- 
//...a black stain.



2
[VERB]
If a liquid 
stains something, the thing becomes coloured or marked by the liquid.


- 
[V n]
Some foods can stain the teeth, as of course can smoking.




Derived words




stained 


[ADJ-GRADED] 
[usu v-link ADJ]
His clothing was stained with mud.



-stained 


[COMB in ADJ]
//...ink-stained fingers....

# stainless
- adj. 不锈的；不锈钢制的
- 无污点的,无瑕疵的

副 词:  
stainlessly

# warmhearted
warm-hearted



[ADJ-GRADED]
A 
warm-hearted person is friendly and affectionate.

# batch
batch
[bætʃ]




batches


[N-COUNT: oft N of n]
A 
batch of things or people is a group of things or people of the same kind, especially a group that is dealt with at the same time or is sent to a particular place at the same time.


- 
//...the current batch of trainee priests...

- 
She brought a large batch of newspaper cuttings...

- 
We're still waiting for the first batch to arrive....

# bewilder
bewilder
[bɪwɪldə(r)]




bewilders, 
bewildering, 
bewildered


[VERB]
If something 
bewilders you, it is so confusing or difficult that you cannot understand it.


- 
[V n]
The silence from Alex had hurt and bewildered her.



Syn:
perplex...

# brand
brand
[brænd]
★★★




brands, 
branding, 
branded


1
[N-COUNT: oft N of n, adj N]
A 
brand of a product is the version of it that is made by one particular manufacturer.


- 
Winston is a brand of cigarette...

- 
I bought one of the leading brands.

- 
//...a supermarket's own brand.



Syn:
make


2
[N-COUNT: N of n]
A 
brand of something such as a way of thinking or behaving is a particular kind of it.


- 
The British brand of socialism was more interested in reform than revolution.



Syn:
strain


3
[VERB]
If someone 
is branded as something bad, people think they are that thing.


- 
[be V-ed as n]
I was instantly branded as a rebel...

- 
[be V-ed adj]
The company has been branded racist by some of its own staff...

- 
[V n n]
The US administration recently branded him a war criminal. 
[Also V n as n, V n adj]



Syn:
label


4
[VERB]
When you 
brand an animal, you put a permanent mark on its skin in order to show who it belongs to, usually by burning a mark onto its skin.


- 
[V n]
The owner couldn't be bothered to brand the cattle.




[N-COUNT]

Brand is also a noun. 


- 
A brand was a mark of ownership burned into the hide of an animal with a hot iron.



5
[N-COUNT]
A 
brand is a permanent mark on the skin of an animal, which shows who it belongs to....

# breakdown
breakdown
[breɪkdaʊn]




breakdowns


1
[N-COUNT: usu sing, oft N of/in n]
The 
breakdown of something such as a relationship, plan, or discussion is its failure or ending.


- 
//...the breakdown of trade talks between the US and EC officials.

- 
//...the irretrievable breakdown of a marriage...

- 
He argues that the breakdown in the legal system has spawned a black market.



Syn:
collapse


2
[N-COUNT: usu sing, oft adj N]
If you have a 
breakdown, you become very depressed, so that you are unable to cope with your life.


See also:
nervous breakdown


- 
My personal life was terrible. My mother had died, and a couple of years later I had a breakdown...

- 
They often seem depressed and close to emotional breakdown.



3
[N-COUNT]
If a car or a piece of machinery has a 
breakdown, it stops working.


- 
Her old car was unreliable, so the trip was plagued by breakdowns...

- 
If you stop on the hard shoulder, wait for the police or breakdown service.



4
[N-COUNT: usu N of n]
A 
breakdown of something is a list of its separate parts.


- 
The organisers were given a breakdown of the costs.



Syn:
analysis...

# conservation
conservation
[kɒnsə(r)veɪʃ(ə)n]



1
[N-UNCOUNT: usu with supp]

Conservation is saving and protecting the environment.


- 
//...a four-nation regional meeting on elephant conservation.

- 
//...tree-planting and other conservation projects.



2
[N-UNCOUNT]

Conservation is saving and protecting historical objects or works of art such as paintings, sculptures, or buildings.


- 
Then he began his most famous work, the conservation and rebinding of the Book of Kells...



3
[N-UNCOUNT: usu with supp]
The 
conservation of a supply of something is the careful use of it so that it lasts for a long time.


- 
//...projects aimed at promoting energy conservation.

- 
//...rules concerning the conservation of fishery resources....

# conservative
conservative
[kənsɜ:(r)vətɪv]
★★




conservatives


(The spelling 
Conservative is also used for meaning 1.)


1
[ADJ]
A 
Conservative politician or voter is a member of or votes for the Conservative Party in Britain.


- 
Most Conservative MPs appear happy with the government's reassurances.

- 
//...disenchanted Conservative voters.



Syn:
Tory



[N-COUNT]

Conservative is also a noun. 


- 
In 1951 the Conservatives were returned to power.



2
[ADJ-GRADED]
Someone who is 
conservative has right-wing views.


- 
//...counties whose citizens invariably support the most conservative candidate in any election.



Syn:
right-wing



[N-COUNT]

Conservative is also a noun. 


- 
The new judge is 50-year-old David Suitor who's regarded as a conservative.



3
[ADJ-GRADED]
Someone who is 
conservative or has 
conservative ideas is unwilling to accept changes and new ideas.


- 
People tend to be more aggressive when they're young and more conservative as they get older...

- 
It is essentially a narrow and conservative approach to child care.



Syn:
traditionalist


4
[ADJ-GRADED]
If someone dresses in a 
conservative way, their clothes are conventional in style.


- 
The girl was well dressed, as usual, though in a more conservative style.




Derived word:

conservatively 



[ADV-GRADED] [ADV with v]
She was always very conservatively dressed when we went out.



5
[ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n]
A 
conservative estimate or guess is one in which you are cautious and estimate or guess a low amount which is probably less that the real amount.


- 
A conservative estimate of the bill, so far, is about ₤22,000...

- 
This guess is probably on the conservative side.




Derived word:

conservatively 



[ADV-GRADED] [ADV with v]
The bequest is conservatively estimated at ₤30 million....

# contact
contact
[kɒntækt]
★★




contacts, 
contacting, 
contacted


1
[N-UNCOUNT: also N in pl, oft N with/between n]

Contact involves meeting or communicating with someone, especially regularly.


- 
Opposition leaders are denying any contact with the government in Kabul...

- 
He forbade contacts between directors and executives outside his presence.



2
[PHRASE: usu v-link PHR, oft PHR with n]
If you are 
in contact with someone, you regularly meet them or communicate with them.


- 
He was in direct contact with the kidnappers...

- 
We do keep in contact.



Syn:
in touch


3
[VERB]
If you 
contact someone, you telephone them, write to them, or go to see them in order to tell or ask them something.


- 
[V n]
Contact the Tourist Information Bureau for further details...

- 
[V n]
When she first contacted me Frances was upset.



Syn:
get in touch with


4
[N-UNCOUNT: into N with n]
If you come 
into contact with someone or something, you meet that person or thing in the course of your work or other activities.


- 
Doctors I came into contact with voiced their concern...

- 
The college has brought me into contact with western ideas.



5
[PHR-RECIP: V inflects, PHR with n, pl-n V]
If you 
make contact with someone, you find out where they are and talk or write to them.


- 
How did you make contact with the terrorists?



6
[PHR-RECIP: V inflects, PHR with n, pl-n V]
If you 
lose contact with someone who you have been friendly with, you no longer see them, speak to them, or write to them.


- 
Though they all live nearby, I lost contact with them really quickly...

- 
Mother and son lost contact when Nicholas was in his early twenties.



Syn:
lose touch


7
[N-UNCOUNT: oft in/into N with n]
When people or things are in 
contact, they are touching each other.


- 
They compared how these organisms behaved when left in contact with different materials...

- 
The cry occurs when air is brought into contact with the baby's larynx...

- 
There was no physical contact, nor did I want any...

- 
This shows where the foot and shoe are in contact.



8
[N-UNCOUNT]
Radio 
contact is communication by means of radio.


- 
He failed to make radio contact.

- 
//...a technical problem reported by the pilot moments before he lost contact with the control tower.



9
[N-COUNT]
A 
contact is someone you know in an organization or profession who helps you or gives you information.


- 
Their contact in the United States Embassy was called Phil.



10To 
make eye contact
 » see:eye...

# courtroom
courtroom
[kɔ:(r)tru:m]




courtrooms


[N-COUNT]
A 
courtroom is a room in which a legal court meets.


Syn:
court

# December
December
[dɪsembə(r)]
★



Decembers


[N-VAR]

December is the twelfth and last month of the year in the Western calendar.


- 
//...a bright morning in mid-December...

- 
Just before Christmas, on 17th December, Joanna had a baby girl...

- 
The talks are due to be concluded this December....

# detective
detective
[dɪtektɪv]
★★★




detectives


1
[N-COUNT]
A 
detective is someone whose job is to discover what has happened in a crime or other situation and to find the people involved. Some detectives work in the police force and others work privately.


- 
Now detectives are appealing for witnesses who may have seen anything suspicious last night...

- 
She hired a private detective in an attempt to find her daughter.



2
[N-TITLE; N-VOC]
In Britain `
detective' is used before words such as `constable' or `sergeant', and in the U.S. the word `
detective' is used on its own, to indicate that a police officer is a member of the department concerned with investigating crimes.


- 
//...Detective Inspector Ian Mosley.

- 
//...Detective Nardosa of the New York City Police Department.



3
[ADJ: ADJ n]
A 
detective novel or story is one in which a detective tries to solve a crime.


4
[PHRASE]
If you do some 
detective work, you do something to find out more about a subject or situation that puzzles you.


- 
Despite careful detective work, many items have never been recovered....

# digest
digest




digests, 
digesting, 
digested


(The verb is pronounced[daɪʤest]. The noun is pronounced[dɑɪʤest].)


1
[V-ERG]
When food 
digests or when you 
digest it, it passes through your body to your stomach. Your stomach removes the substances that your body needs and gets rid of the rest.


- 
Do not undertake strenuous exercise for a few hours after a meal to allow food to digest...

- 
[V n]
She couldn't digest food properly...

- 
[V-ed]
Nutrients from the digested food can be absorbed into the blood.



2
[VERB]
If you 
digest information, you think about it carefully so that you understand it.


- 
[V n]
They learn well but seem to need time to digest information...

- 
[V n]
She read everything, digesting every fragment of news.



3
[VERB]
If you 
digest some unpleasant news, you think about it until you are able to accept it and know how to deal with it.


- 
[V n]
All this has upset me. I need time to digest it all.



4
[N-COUNT]
A 
digest is a collection of pieces of writing. They are published together in a shorter form than they were originally published.


- 
The organization publishes a regular digest of environmental statistics.

- 
//...the Middle East Economic Digest....

# digital
digital
[dɪʤɪt(ə)l]



1
[ADJ]

Digital systems record or transmit information in the form of thousands of very small signals. Compare analogue.


- 
The new digital technology would allow a rapid expansion in the number of TV channels.




Derived word:

digitally 



[ADV]
//...digitally recorded sound.



2
[ADJ: ADJ n]

Digital devices such as watches or clocks give information by displaying numbers rather than by having a pointer which moves round a dial. Compare analogue.


- 
//...a digital display....

# distributor
distributor
[dɪstrɪbjʊtə(r)]




distributors


1
[N-COUNT: usu with supp]
A 
distributor is a company that supplies goods to shops or other businesses.


- 
//...Spain's largest distributor of petroleum products...

- 
Bulmer is the UK distributor for Perrier and the Jamaican lager Red Stripe...

- 
Theater owners lease films from film distributors.



2
[N-COUNT: usu sing]
The 
distributor in a car or other motor vehicle is a device that sends electric current to the spark plugs in the engine....

# emerge
emerge
[ɪmɜ:(r)ʤ]
★★




emerges, 
emerging, 
emerged


1
[VERB]
To 
emerge means to come out from an enclosed or dark space such as a room or a vehicle, or from a position where you could not be seen.


- 
Richard was waiting outside the door as she emerged...

- 
[V from n]
The postman emerged from his van soaked to the skin.

- 
[V-ing]
//...holes made by the emerging adult beetle.



2
[VERB]
If you 
emerge from a difficult or bad experience, you come to the end of it.


- 
[V from n]
There is growing evidence that the economy is at last emerging from recession.

- 
[V from n]
//...their plans to emerge from bankruptcy by February of next year.



3
[VERB]
If a fact or result 
emerges from a period of thought, discussion, or investigation, it becomes known as a result of it.


- 
//...the growing corruption that has emerged in the past few years...

- 
[it V that]
It soon emerged that neither the July nor August mortgage repayment had been collected...

- 
[V-ing]
The emerging caution over numbers is perhaps only to be expected.



4
[VERB]
If someone or something 
emerges as a particular thing, they become recognized as that thing.
[JOURNALISM]


- 
[V as n]
Mr Shevardnadze emerged as a major figure in the reform movement...

- 
[V as n]
Vietnam has emerged as the world's third-biggest rice exporter...

- 
New leaders have emerged.



5
[VERB]
When something such as an organization or an industry 
emerges, it comes into existence.
[JOURNALISM]


- 
//...the new republic that emerged in October 1917.

- 
[V-ing]
//...the emerging democracies of Eastern Europe....

# emphasise
vt. 强调; 加强语气; 重读

# estate
estate
[ɪsteɪt]
★★




estates


1
[N-COUNT]
An 
estate is a large area of land in the country which is owned by a person, family, or organization.


- 
//...a shooting party on Lord Wyville's estate in Yorkshire.



2
[N-COUNT]
People sometimes use 
estate to refer to a housing estate or an industrial estate.
[BRIT]


- 
He used to live on the estate.



3
[N-COUNT: oft poss N]
Someone's 
estate is all the money and property that they leave behind them when they die.
[LEGAL]


- 
His estate was valued at $150,000.



4
[N-COUNT]
An 
estate is the same as an estate car.
[BRIT]


(in AM, use station wagon)


5
See also:
housing estate, industrial estate, real estate...

# forlorn
forlorn
[fɔ:(r)lɔ:(r)n]



1
[ADJ-GRADED: ADJ n, v-link ADJ, ADJ after v]
If someone is 
forlorn, they feel alone and unhappy.
[LITERARY]


- 
One of the demonstrators, a young woman, sat forlorn on the pavement...

- 
He looked a forlorn figure as he limped off after 26 minutes.




Derived word:

forlornly 



[ADV-GRADED] [ADV with v]
A Dutch newspaper photographed the president waiting forlornly in the rain.



2
[ADJ-GRADED]
If a place is 
forlorn, it is deserted and not cared for, or has little in it.
[LITERARY]


- 
They headed inland on a forlorn road that was rutted and pocked...

- 
The once glorious palaces stood empty and forlorn.



Syn:
desolate



Derived word:

forlornly 



[ADV-GRADED] [ADV with v]
It is stranded somewhat forlornly in the middle of the plain.



3
[ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n]
A 
forlorn hope or attempt is one that you think has no chance of success.


- 
Peasants have left the land in the forlorn hope of finding a better life in cities.

- 
//...a forlorn effort to keep from losing my mind.




Derived word:

forlornly 



[ADV-GRADED] [ADV with v]
His father forlornly hoped someone might have seen them....

# gaze
gaze
[geɪz]




gazes, 
gazing, 
gazed


1
[VERB]
If you 
gaze 
at someone or something, you look steadily at them for a long time, for example because you find them attractive or interesting, or because you are thinking about something else.


- 
[V at n]
//...gazing at herself in the mirror...

- 
[V at n]
Sitting in his wicker chair, he gazed reflectively at the fire...

- 
[V prep/adv]
The girls stood still, gazing around the building, trying to picture life there fifty years before.



Syn:
stare


2
[N-COUNT: usu sing, usu with poss]
You can talk about someone's 
gaze as a way of describing how they are looking at something, especially when they are looking steadily at it.
[WRITTEN]


- 
The Monsignor turned his gaze from the flames to meet the Colonel's...

- 
She felt increasingly uncomfortable under the woman's steady gaze...

- 
The interior was shielded from the curious gaze of passersby.



3
[PHRASE: oft v-link PHR]
If someone or something is 
in the public gaze, they are receiving a lot of attention from the general public.


- 
You won't find a couple more in the public gaze than Michael and Lizzie....

# imminent
imminent
[ɪmɪnənt]



[ADJ]
If you say that something is 
imminent, especially something unpleasant, you mean it is almost certain to happen very soon.


- 
There appeared no imminent danger...

- 
They warned that an attack is imminent.




Derived word:

imminence 



[N-UNCOUNT] [usu N of n]
The imminence of war was on everyone's mind....

# inspire
inspire
[ɪnspɑɪə(r)]




inspires, 
inspiring, 
inspired


1
[VERB]
If someone or something 
inspires you 
to do something new or unusual, they make you want to do it.


- 
[V n to-inf]
These herbs will inspire you to try out all sorts of exotic-flavoured dishes!...

- 
[V n to-inf]
Our challenge is to motivate those voters and inspire them to join our cause...

- 
[V n to-inf]
And what inspired you to change your name?



Syn:
encourage


2
[VERB]
If someone or something 
inspires you, they give you new ideas and a strong feeling of enthusiasm.


- 
[V n]
In the 1960s, the electric guitar virtuosity of Jimi Hendrix inspired a generation.



3
[VERB: usu passive]
If a book, work of art, or action 
is inspired 
by something, that thing is the source of the idea for it.


- 
[be V-ed by n]
The book was inspired by a real person, namely Tamara de Treaux.

- 
[V-ed]
//...a political murder inspired by the same nationalist conflicts now wrecking the country.




Derived word:

-inspired 



[COMB in ADJ]
//...Mediterranean-inspired ceramics in bright yellow and blue... Jamaica's socialist government is adopting US-inspired free market practices.



4
[VERB]
Someone or something that 
inspires a particular emotion or reaction in people makes them feel this emotion or reaction.


- 
[V n]
The car's performance is effortless and its handling is precise and quickly inspires confidence....

# intently
- adv. 专心地,专注地
- 热切地,热心地

# intimate
intimate




intimates, 
intimating, 
intimated


(The adjective and noun are pronounced[ɪntɪmət]. The verb is pronounced[ɪntɪmeɪt].)


1
[ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n]
If you have an 
intimate friendship with someone, you know them very well and like them a lot.


- 
I discussed with my intimate friends whether I would immediately have a baby.




Derived word:

intimately 



[ADV-GRADED] [ADV after v, ADV -ed]
He did not feel he had got to know them intimately.




[N-COUNT: usu with poss]
An 
intimate is an intimate friend.
[FORMAL]


- 
They are to have an autumn wedding, an intimate of the couple confides.



2
[ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n]
If two people are in an 
intimate relationship, they are involved with each other in a loving or sexual way.


- 
I just won't discuss my intimate relationships.

- 
//...their intimate moments with their boyfriends.




Derived word:

intimately 



[ADV-GRADED] [ADV after v]
You have to be willing to get to know yourself and your partner intimately.



3
[ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n]
An 
intimate conversation or detail, for example, is very personal and private.


- 
He wrote about the intimate details of his family life...

- 
I hate to interrupt your intimate conversation but we do have an assignment to discuss.



Syn:
private



Derived word:

intimately 



[ADV-GRADED] [ADV after v]
It was the first time they had attempted to talk intimately.



4
[ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n (approval)]
If you use 
intimate to describe an occasion or the atmosphere of a place, you like it because it is quiet and pleasant, and seems suitable for close conversations between friends.


- 
//...an intimate candlelit dinner for two.



5
[ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n]
An 
intimate connection between ideas or organizations, for example, is a very strong link between them.


- 
//...an intimate connection between madness and wisdom...

- 
France has kept the most intimate links with its former African territories.




Derived word:

intimately 



[ADV-GRADED] [ADV after v]
Property and equities are intimately connected in Hong Kong.



6
[ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n]
An 
intimate knowledge of something is a deep and detailed knowledge of it.


- 
He surprised me with his intimate knowledge of Kierkegaard and Schopenhauer.



Syn:
thorough



Derived word:

intimately 



[ADV-GRADED] [usu ADV after v]
//...a golden age of musicians whose work she knew intimately.



7
[VERB]
If you 
intimate something, you say it in an indirect way.
[FORMAL]


- 
[V that]
He went on to intimate that he was indeed contemplating a shake-up of the company...

- 
[V to n n]
He had intimated to the French and Russians his readiness to come to a settlement. 
[Also V n]



Syn:
hint...

# landline
n. 陆上运输

# mastermind
mastermind
[mɑ:stə(r)maɪnd, mæs-]




masterminds, 
masterminding, 
masterminded


1
[VERB]
If you 
mastermind a difficult or complicated activity, you plan it in detail and then make sure that it happens successfully.


- 
[V n]
The finance minister will continue to mastermind Poland's economic reform...

- 
[V n]
The bombings were masterminded by a known drugs smuggler.



2
[N-COUNT: usu sing, usu with supp, oft N behind/of n]
The 
mastermind 
behind a difficult or complicated plan, often a criminal one, is the person who is responsible for planning and organizing it.


- 
He was the mastermind behind the plan to acquire the explosives....

# mock
mock
[mɒk]




mocks, 
mocking, 
mocked


1
[VERB]
If someone 
mocks you, they show or pretend that they think you are foolish or inferior, for example by saying something funny about you, or by imitating your behaviour.


- 
[V n]
I thought you were mocking me...

- 
[V n]
I distinctly remember mocking the idea...

- 
[V with quote]
`I'm astonished, Benjamin,' she mocked.



2
[ADJ: ADJ n]
You use 
mock to describe something which is not real or genuine, but which is intended to be very similar to the real thing.


- 
`It's tragic!' swoons Jeffrey in mock horror...

- 
One of them was subjected to a mock execution.

- 
//...a mock Tudor mansion.



3
[N-COUNT: usu pl]

Mocks are practice exams that you take as part of your preparation for real exams.
[BRIT, INFORMAL]


- 
She went from a D in her mocks to a B in the real thing....

# muse
muse
[mju:z]




muses, 
musing, 
mused


1
[VERB]
If you 
muse 
on something, you think about it, usually saying or writing what you are thinking at the same time.
[WRITTEN]


- 
[V on/about/over n]
Many of the papers muse on the fate of the President...

- 
[V with quote]
`As a whole,' she muses, `the `organized church' turns me off'...

- 
[V that]
He once mused that he would have voted Labour in 1964 had he been old enough.



Syn:
ponder



Derived word:

musing 



[Plural] [N-COUNT]
His musings were interrupted by Montagu who came and sat down next to him.



2
[N-COUNT]
A 
muse is a person, usually a woman, who gives someone, usually a man, a desire to create art, poetry, or music, and gives them ideas for it.


- 
Once she was a nude model and muse to French artist Henri Matisse.

- 
//...the muses who fuel his inspiration....

# November
November
[noʊvembə(r)]
★



Novembers


[N-VAR]

November is the eleventh month of the year in the Western calendar.


- 
He arrived in London in November 1939...

- 
There's no telling what the voters will do next November....

# obsess
obsess
[əbses]




obsesses, 
obsessing, 
obsessed


[V-ERG]
If something 
obsesses you or if you 
obsess about something, you keep thinking about it and find it difficult to think about anything else.


- 
[V n]
I must admit that maps obsess me...

- 
[V n]
A string of scandals is obsessing America...

- 
[V about/over n]
She stopped drinking but began obsessing about her weight...

- 
[V that]
I started obsessing that Trish might die....

# occasion
occasion
[əkeɪʒ(ə)n]
★★




occasions, 
occasioning, 
occasioned


1
[N-COUNT]
An 
occasion is a time when something happens, or a case of it happening.


- 
I often think fondly of an occasion some years ago at Covent Garden...

- 
Mr Davis has been asked on a number of occasions.



2
[N-COUNT: usu supp N]
An 
occasion is an important event, ceremony, or celebration.


- 
Taking her with me on official occasions has been a challenge...

- 
It will be a unique family occasion.



Syn:
function


3
[N-COUNT: N for n/-ing]
An 
occasion for doing something is an opportunity for doing it.
[FORMAL]


- 
It is an occasion for all the family to celebrate...

- 
It is always an important occasion for setting out government policy.



Syn:
opportunity


4
[VERB]
To 
occasion something means to cause it.
[FORMAL]


- 
[V n]
He argued that the release of hostages should not occasion a change in policy.




5
See also:
sense of occasion



6
[PHRASE: V inflects, PHR to-inf]
If you 
have occasion to do something, it is necessary for you to do it.


- 
We have had occasion to deal with members of the group on a variety of charges.



7
[PHRASE: N inflects, PHR with cl]
If something happens 
on occasion, it happens sometimes, but not very often.


- 
He treated them seriously and, on occasion, entertained them hilariously...

- 
He translated not only from the French but also, on occasion, from the Polish.



Syn:
occasionally


8
[PHRASE: V inflects]
If you say that someone 
rose to the occasion, you mean that they did what was necessary to successfully overcome a difficult situation.


- 
Inverness, however, rose to the occasion in the second half, producing some of the best football they have played for some time....

# outflank
outflank
[ɑʊtflæŋk]




outflanks, 
outflanking, 
outflanked


1
[VERB]
In a battle, when one group of soldiers 
outflanks another, it succeeds in moving past the other group in order to be able to attack it from the side.


- 
[V n]
//...plans designed by General Schwarzkopf to outflank them from the west.



2
[VERB]
If you 
outflank someone, you succeed in getting into a position where you can defeat them, for example in an argument.


- 
[V n]
He had tried to outflank them...

- 
[V n]
His own ideas were outflanked by those of more radical reformers.



Syn:
outdo...

# precedent
precedent
[presɪdənt]




precedents


[N-VAR: oft N for n]
If there is a 
precedent 
for an action or event, it has happened before, and this can be regarded as an argument for doing it again.
[FORMAL]


- 
The trial could set an important precedent for dealing with large numbers of similar cases...

- 
There are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts....

# princesse
adj. 公主装的,紧身连衣裙的

# printable
printable
[prɪntəb(ə)l]



[ADJ-GRADED: usu with brd-neg]
If you say that someone's words or remarks are not 
printable, you mean that they are likely to offend people, and are therefore not suitable to be repeated in writing or speech.
[JOURNALISM]


- 
His team-mates opened hotel windows, shouting `Jump!' and somewhat less printable banter....

# privacy
privacy
[prɪvəsi, AM prɑɪ-]



1
[N-UNCOUNT: oft poss N]
If you have 
privacy, you are in a place or situation which allows you to do things without other people seeing you or disturbing you.


- 
He greatly resented the publication of this book, which he saw as an embarrassing invasion of his privacy...

- 
Thatched pavilions provide shady retreats for relaxing and reading in privacy.

- 
//...a collection of over 60 designs to try on in the privacy of your own home.



2
[PHRASE: V inflects]
If someone or something 
invades your 
privacy, they interfere in your life without your permission.


- 
He said the press invaded people's privacy unfairly and unjustifiably every day....

# protests
protests



See:
protest

# reassure
reassure
[ri:əʃʊə(r)]




reassures, 
reassuring, 
reassured


[VERB]
If you 
reassure someone, you say or do things to make them stop worrying about something.


- 
[V n]
I tried to reassure her, `Don't worry about it. We won't let it happen again.'...

- 
[V n that]
She just reassured me that everything was fine. 
[Also V n about n]...

# refined
refined
[rɪfɑɪnd]



1
[ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n]
A 
refined substance has been made pure by having other substances removed from it.


- 
//...refined sugar.



2
[ADJ-GRADED]
If you say that someone is 
refined, you mean that they are very polite and have good manners and good taste.


- 
//...refined and well-dressed ladies...

- 
His speech and manner are refined.



Syn:
genteel


3
[ADJ-GRADED]
If you describe a machine or a process as 
refined, you mean that it has been carefully developed and is therefore very efficient or elegant.


- 
//...a more refined engine...

- 
This technique is becoming more refined and more acceptable all the time....

# reputation
reputation
[repjʊteɪʃ(ə)n]
★★★




reputations


1
[N-COUNT: usu with supp]
To have a 
reputation for something means to be known or remembered for it.


- 
Alice Munro has a reputation for being a very depressing writer.

- 
//...Barcelona's reputation as a design-conscious, artistic city.



2
[N-COUNT: usu with supp]
Something's or someone's 
reputation is the opinion that people have about how good they are. If they have a good reputation, people think they are good.


- 
This college has a good academic reputation...

- 
The stories ruined his reputation.



3
[PHRASE]
If you know someone 
by reputation, you have never met them but you have heard of their reputation.


- 
She was by reputation a good organiser....

# revealed
revealed



See:
reveal

# robbery
robbery
[rɒbəri]




robberies


[N-VAR: oft supp N]

Robbery is the crime of stealing money or property from a bank, shop, or vehicle, often by using force or threats.


- 
The gang members committed dozens of armed robberies over the past year...

- 
The man was serving a sentence for robbery with violence....

# robust
robust
[roʊbʌst, roʊbʌst]



1
[ADJ-GRADED]
Someone or something that is 
robust is very strong or healthy.


- 
More women than men go to the doctor. Perhaps men are more robust or worry less?...

- 
We've always specialised in making very robust, simply designed machinery.



Syn:
sturdy



Derived words




robustly 


[ADV-GRADED]
He became robustly healthy.



robustness 


[N-UNCOUNT]
The robustness of diesel engines is another attractive quality.




2
[ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n]

Robust views or opinions are strongly held and forcefully expressed.


- 
A British Foreign Office minister has made a robust defence of the agreement...

- 
He has the keen eye and robust approach needed.




Derived words




robustly 


[ADV-GRADED]
In the decisions we have to make about Europe, we have to defend our position very robustly indeed.



robustness 


[N-UNCOUNT] 
[oft the N of n]
//...a prominent industrialist renowned for the robustness of his right-wing views....

# rock
rock
[rɒk]
★★




rocks, 
rocking, 
rocked


1
[N-UNCOUNT]

Rock is the hard substance which the Earth is made of.


- 
The hills above the valley are bare rock...

- 
A little way below the ridge was an outcrop of rock that made a rough shelter.



2
[N-COUNT]
A 
rock is a large piece of rock that sticks up out of the ground or the sea, or that has broken away from a mountain or a cliff.


- 
She sat cross-legged on the rock.

- 
//...the sound of the sea crashing against the rocks...

- 
He and two friends were climbing a rock face when they heard cries for help.



3
[N-COUNT]
A 
rock is a piece of rock that is small enough for you to pick up.


- 
She bent down, picked up a rock and threw it into the trees.



Syn:
stone


4
[V-ERG]
When something 
rocks or when you 
rock it, it moves slowly and regularly backwards and forwards or from side to side.


- 
[V prep/adv]
His body rocked from side to side with the train...

- 
[V prep/adv]
He stood a few moments, rocking back and forwards on his heels...

- 
[V n]
She sat on the porch and rocked the baby. 
[Also V]



5
[V-ERG]
If an explosion or an earthquake 
rocks a building or an area, it causes the building or area to shake.
[JOURNALISM]


- 
[V n]
Three people were injured yesterday when an explosion rocked one of Britain's best known film studios.

- 
[V n]
//...a country that's rocked by dozens of earthquakes every year...

- 
As the buildings rocked under heavy shell-fire, he took refuge in the cellars.



Syn:
shake


6
[VERB]
If an event or a piece of news 
rocks a group or society, it shocks them or makes them feel less secure.
[JOURNALISM]


- 
[V n]
His death rocked the fashion business.

- 
[V n]
//...the latest scandal to rock the monarchy...

- 
[V n]
Wall Street was rocked by the news and shares fell 4.3 per cent by the end of trading.



Syn:
shake


7
[N-UNCOUNT: oft N n]

Rock is loud music with a strong beat that is usually played and sung by a small group of people using instruments such as electric guitars and drums.


- 
He once told an interviewer that he didn't even like rock music.

- 
//...a rock concert.

- 
//...famous rock stars.



8
[N-UNCOUNT]

Rock is a sweet that is made in long, hard sticks and is often sold in towns by the sea in Britain.


- 
//...a stick of rock.



9
[PHRASE: PHR after v]
If you are caught 
between a rock and a hard place, you are in a difficult situation where you have to choose between two equally unpleasant courses of action.


10
[PHRASE: usu n PHR]
If you have an alcoholic drink such as whisky 
on the rocks, you have it with ice cubes in it.


- 
I could do with a Scotch on the rocks.



Syn:
with ice


11
[PHRASE: v-link PHR]
If something such as a marriage or a business is 
on the rocks, it is experiencing very severe difficulties and looks likely to end very soon.


- 
She confided to her mother six months ago that her marriage was on the rocks...

- 
Our film industry is on the rocks.



12To 
rock the boat
 » see:boat...

# safeguard
safeguard
[seɪfgɑ:(r)d]




safeguards, 
safeguarding, 
safeguarded


1
[VERB]
To 
safeguard something or someone means to protect them from being harmed, lost, or badly treated.
[FORMAL]


- 
[V n]
They will press for international action to safeguard the ozone layer...

- 
[V n]
The interests of minorities will have to be safeguarded under a new constitution...

- 
[V n from n]
They are taking precautionary measures to safeguard their forces from the effects of chemical weapons.



Syn:
protect


2
[N-COUNT: oft N against n]
A 
safeguard is a law, rule, or measure intended to prevent someone or something from being harmed.


- 
As an additional safeguard against weeds you can always use an underlay of heavy duty polythene...

- 
A system like ours lacks adequate safeguards for civil liberties....

# sanction
sanction
[sæŋkʃ(ə)n]
★★




sanctions, 
sanctioning, 
sanctioned


1
[VERB]
If someone in authority 
sanctions an action or practice, they officially approve of it and allow it to be done.


- 
[V n]
He may now be ready to sanction the use of force...

- 
[V n]
He seemed to be preparing to sanction an increase in public borrowing.



Syn:
approval



[N-UNCOUNT: with supp]

Sanction is also a noun. 


- 
The king could not enact laws without the sanction of Parliament.



2
[N-PLURAL: oft N against/on n]

Sanctions are measures taken by countries to restrict trade and official contact with a country that has broken international law.


- 
The continued abuse of human rights has now led the United States to impose sanctions against the regime...

- 
He expressed his opposition to the lifting of sanctions.



3
[N-COUNT]
A 
sanction is a severe course of action which is intended to make people obey instructions, customs, or laws.


- 
As an ultimate sanction, they can sell their shares if they disagree with the company's investment policy.



4
[VERB]
If a country or an authority 
sanctions another country or a person for doing something, it declares that the country or person is guilty of doing it and imposes sanctions on them.


- 
[V n]
//...their failure to sanction Japan for butchering whales in violation of international conservation treaties....

# scaffold
scaffold
[skæfoʊld]




scaffolds


1
[N-COUNT]
A 
scaffold was a raised platform on which criminals were hanged or had their heads cut off.


- 
Ascending the shaky ladder to the scaffold, More addressed the executioner.



2
[N-COUNT]
A 
scaffold is a temporary raised platform on which workers stand to paint, repair, or build high parts of a building....

# scheme
scheme
[ski:m]
★★




schemes, 
scheming, 
schemed


1
[N-COUNT: oft N to-inf, n N]
A 
scheme is a plan or arrangement involving many people which is made by a government or other organization.
[mainly BRIT]


- 
//...schemes to help combat unemployment.

- 
//...a private pension scheme...

- 
The company was pouring around $30 million into the scheme.



Syn:
plan


(in AM, use program)


2
[N-COUNT: oft N to-inf, N for -ing]
A 
scheme is someone's plan for achieving something.


- 
//...a quick money-making scheme to get us through the summer...

- 
They would first have to work out some scheme for getting the treasure out...

- 
Tourists can be vulnerable to scams and con schemes of all kinds.



Syn:
plan


3
[VERB: oft cont (disapproval)]
If you say that people 
are scheming, you mean that they are making secret plans in order to gain something for themselves.


- 
Everyone's always scheming and plotting...

- 
[V to-inf]
The bride's family were scheming to prevent a wedding...

- 
[V against n]
They claimed that their opponents were scheming against them...

- 
[V-ing]
You're a scheming little devil, aren't you?



Syn:
plot



Derived word:

scheming 



[N-UNCOUNT]
//...their favourite pastimes of scheming and gossiping.




4
See also:
colour scheme



5
[PHRASE: poss PHR]
Someone's 
scheme of things is the way in which they think that things in their life should be organized.


- 
He did not quite know how to place women in his scheme of things.



6
[PHRASE]
When people talk about 
the scheme of things or 
the grand scheme of things , they are referring to the way that everything in the world seems to be organized.


- 
We realize that we are infinitely small within the scheme of things....

# smirk
smirk
[smɜ:(r)k]




smirks, 
smirking, 
smirked


[VERB]
If you 
smirk, you smile in an unpleasant way, often because you believe that you have gained an advantage over someone else or know something that they do not know.


- 
Two men standing nearby looked at me, nudged each other and smirked...

- 
[V at n]
A dozen people were watching her, smirking at her discomfort.




[N-COUNT]

Smirk is also a noun. 


- 
Her mouth was drawn back into a smirk of triumph....

# somewhat
somewhat
[sʌm(h)wɒt]
★★★



[ADV: ADV with cl/group]
You use 
somewhat to indicate that something is the case to a limited extent or degree.
[FORMAL]


- 
He concluded that Oswald was somewhat abnormal...

- 
He explained somewhat unconvincingly that the company was paying for everything...

- 
Although his relationship with his mother had improved somewhat, he was still depressed...

- 
`I believe you know him' - `Somewhat.'...

# spook
spook
[spu:k]




spooks, 
spooking, 
spooked


1
[N-COUNT]
A 
spook is a ghost.
[INFORMAL]


2
[N-COUNT]
A 
spook is a spy.
[AM, INFORMAL]


- 
//...as a US intelligence spook said yesterday.



3
[VERB]
If people 
are spooked, something has scared them or made them nervous.
[mainly AM]


- 
[V n]
But was it the wind that spooked her?...

- 
[V n]
Investors were spooked by slowing economies.



Syn:
scare



Derived word:

spooked 



[ADJ-GRADED] [v-link ADJ]
He was so spooked that he, too, began to believe that he heard strange clicks and noises on their telephones....

# stunning
stunning
[stʌnɪŋ]



1
[ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n]
A 
stunning person or thing is extremely beautiful or impressive.


- 
She was 55 and still a stunning woman...

- 
A stunning display of fireworks lit up the sky.



Syn:
fabulous



Derived word:

stunningly 



[ADV-GRADED] [ADV adj]
The video is filmed in stunningly beautiful countryside.



2
[ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n]
A 
stunning event is extremely unusual or unexpected.


- 
The minister resigned last night after a stunning defeat in Sunday's vote...

- 
The secret that the priest had confided to him was a stunning piece of news.



Syn:
staggering



Derived word:

stunningly 



[ADV-GRADED]
Sometimes people were quite stunningly rude to him....

# token
token
[toʊkən]




tokens


1
[ADJ: ADJ n]
You use 
token to describe things or actions which are small or unimportant but are meant to show particular intentions or feelings which may not be sincere.


- 
The announcement was welcomed as a step in the right direction, but was widely seen as a token gesture...

- 
Miners have staged a two-hour token stoppage to demand better pay and conditions...

- 
You described her as the token woman on the shortlist.



2
[N-COUNT: oft n N]
A 
token is a piece of paper or card that can be exchanged for goods, either in a particular shop or as part of a special offer.
[BRIT]


- 
...₤10 book tokens...

- 
Here is the fifth token towards our offer. You need six of these tokens.



(in AM, use coupon)


3
[N-COUNT]
A 
token is a round flat piece of metal or plastic that is sometimes used instead of money.


- 
Some of the older telephones still only accept tokens.



4
[N-COUNT: usu with supp, oft N of n]
If you give something to a person or do something for them as a 
token 
of your feelings, you give it or do it as a way of expressing those feelings.


- 
He kept sending gifts and assured her that they were merely small tokens of his appreciation...

- 
As a token of goodwill, I'm going to write another letter.

- 
//...the custom of exchanging love tokens to celebrate February 14.



5
[PHRASE: PHR with cl]
You use 
by the same token to introduce a statement that you think is true for the same reasons that were given for a previous statement.


- 
If you give up exercise, your muscles shrink and fat increases. By the same token, if you expend more energy you will lose fat....

# tragedy
tragedy
[træʤɪdi]
★★★




tragedies


1
[N-VAR]
A 
tragedy is an extremely sad event or situation.


- 
They have suffered an enormous personal tragedy...

- 
Maskell's life had not been without tragedy.



2
[N-VAR]

Tragedy is a type of literature, especially drama, that is serious and sad, and often ends with the death of the main character.


- 
The story has elements of tragedy and farce.

- 
//...a classic Greek tragedy.



Ant:
comedy...

# unlikely
unlikely
[ʌnlɑɪkli]
★★



unlikeliest


[ADJ-GRADED: usu v-link ADJ, oft ADJ to-inf, it v-link ADJ that]
If you say that something is 
unlikely 
to happen or 
unlikely 
to be true, you believe that it will not happen or that it is not true, although you are not completely sure.


- 
A military coup seems unlikely...

- 
As with many technological revolutions, you are unlikely to be aware of it...

- 
It's now unlikely that future parliaments will bring back the death penalty...

- 
In the unlikely event of anybody phoning, could you just scribble a message down?



Ant:
likely...

# vessels
vessels



See:
vessel

# vigorous
vigorous
[vɪgərəs]



1
[ADJ-GRADED]

Vigorous physical activities involve using a lot of energy, usually to do short and repeated actions.


- 
Very vigorous exercise can increase the risk of heart attacks...

- 
African dance is vigorous, but full of subtlety.




Derived word:

vigorously 



[ADV-GRADED] [ADV after v]
He shook his head vigorously... She shivered and rubbed her arms vigorously.



2
[ADJ-GRADED: usu ADJ n]
A 
vigorous person does things with great energy and enthusiasm. A 
vigorous campaign or activity is done with great energy and enthusiasm.


- 
Sir Robert was a strong and vigorous politician.

- 
//...the most vigorous critics of the government...

- 
They will take vigorous action to recover the debts.

- 
//...a vigorous campaign by local Communists.



Syn:
dynamic



Derived word:

vigorously 



[ADV-GRADED] [ADV with v]
The police vigorously denied that excessive force had been used.



3
[ADJ-GRADED]
A 
vigorous person is strong and healthy and full of energy.


- 
He was a vigorous, handsome young man.



Syn:
hearty...

# violation
- n. 违反, 冒犯, 侵害
- 违反(行为、事例)
- 强奸

# yank
Yank




Yanks


[N-COUNT]
Some people refer to people from the United States of America as 
Yanks. This use could cause offence.
[INFORMAL]


Syn:
Yankee


yank
[jæŋk]




yanks, 
yanking, 
yanked


[VERB]
If you 
yank someone or something somewhere, you pull them there suddenly and with a lot of force.


- 
[V n with adj]
She yanked open the drawer...

- 
[V n with adv]
She yanked the child back into the house...

- 
[V n prep]
He yanked a handkerchief out of his pocket...

- 
[V n]
A quick-thinking ticket inspector yanked an emergency cord. 
[Also V at n]




[N-COUNT]

Yank is also a noun. 


- 
Grabbing his ponytail, Shirley gave it a yank....

